What is something you've never done but would like to try to do?
What do you like least about living in your city/town?
What do you like most about living in your city/town?
Do you usually break the rules or follow them?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
Do you prefer to receive money or an actual gift?
Do you remember the last dream you had?
What is your morning routine like?
What is the last thing that you think of before you go to sleep?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be and why?
What are your favorite and least favorite parts of your week?
What is your favorite brand?
What's your favorite comfort food?
Do you prefer to eat at home or eat out?
Do you prefer to travel or stay close to home?
Have you ever gone on vacation by yourself?
What is your favorite place to be?
What is the first thing that you think of in the morning?
What is your best skill/talent?
What was your worst restaurant experience?
If you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do?
What are three websites that you visit daily?
Do you shower in the morning or at night? Why?
What do you think the best invention is?
Do you smile for pictures?
What jobs have you worked at?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
Do you have a big family?
What is your favorite smell?
Are you a hoarder or saver?
What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
What is your favorite dessert?
How have you changed since you were a kid?
If you could try out any job for one week, what job would you choose to try?
Describe your dream house to me.
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be?
Tell me your best advice?
Do you wear slippers at home?
Are you usually early, late, or on time?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
How have your goals changed as you've gotten older?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
When going on a vacation, would you prefer to join a tour or plan out everything by yourself?
If money was not an issue, what would you do with your life?
What are three smart phone apps that you can't live without?
What would you like to do when you retire?
What food do you like to snack on?
Did you have any nicknames growing up?
If there was an extra hour every day, what would you do with it?
Do you prefer to wear fashionable clothes or comfortable clothes?
What do you think your life will look like in years?
What was the last picture you took on your phone?
Would you rather watch or play sports?
What's your least favorite thing about going on vacation?
Are you messy or organized?
What do you use to listen to music?
What did you learn in this past week?
Are you a leader or a follower?
How do you keep up to date with the news?
If someone you were trying to impress was coming over to your home for dinner, what would you make for them?
If you could eliminate one thing that you did everyday, what would it be?
Do you prefer to relax in your free time or do something active?
What is something you've tried but would never do again?
What is the latest you stayed up until this past week?
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?
What is the meaning of your name?
Do you prefer to have many friends or just a few close ones?
Do you untie your sneakers before taking them off?
Are you more of a spontaneous or structured person?
What is the earliest you woke up this past week?
If you could spend one hour with any living person, who would it be and what would you choose to do?
What do you like to do to celebrate your birthday?
What do you like to spend your money on?
What do you like to do when you go to the beach?
What is your favorite day of the year?
Are you a heavy or a light sleeper?
What is the worst injury you've had.
How would your friends and family describe you?
How often do you use your phone?
What type of movies do you like to watch?
What's your favorite thing about going on vacation?
What is your favorite conversation starter?
What is the first thing that you notice when meeting someone new?
What is your favorite party/board game?
What technology or business do you think will be obsolete within the next years?
What is your evening routine like?
What's the best thing to do on a hot summer day?
In those first few seconds are you hoping it's Ice Ice Baby or Under Pressure?
What would you do during the purge?
What is the last thing you threw up?
Would you rather have to run everywhere you go or yell everything you have to say?
If you were to receive a nude massage from a same sex celebrity who would you pick and why?
What do you want your funeral to be like?
What do you consider a romantic movie?
If you could erase one memory from your life, what memory would it be?
What is your apocalypse plan?
What's your favorite dinosaur?
If you were in charge of choosing the food for a food eating competition that you were also taking part in, what food would you pick?
After a long day, do you prefer to hang out with friends or spend time alone?
If you had to lose a limb, which one would you sacrifice and why?
What was the last thing you wished for?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would that be?
If there was a world catastrophe and only a few people survived, what's your special skill to help rebuild the world?
Is there something that you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
If you were God, what songs would be playing in heaven and what songs would be playing in hell?
What would you do if you had the power of invisibility?
What is the scariest thing that's ever happened to you?
What is the worst book you've ever read?
If you could physical fight any historical figure, who would it be and why?
If you were the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
Would you rather be caught telling a lie, or have people not believe you when you tell the truth?
What is your Hogwarts House?
If someone was going to be borrowing your body for the next few months, what would you want them to know about the way your body works?
What color is your toothbrush? 
What would the tagline for your life be?
How much ice do you put in your cups?
If you could have 3 superpowers, what would they be?
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
What was your weirdest crush?
What do you hate?
Do you believe in luck or do you believe that people make their own luck?
What's the last thing you did that made you wonder whether or not you were a good person?
If you had to replace your left hand (right for lefties) with a kitchen tool, what would it be?
If you could have dinner with any one person in history, who would it be?
If you had choose three different foods to eat for the rest of your life, what would they be?
If you were on death row what's would be your last meal?
You're stuck on a boat with eggs and chocolate bars. You're able to cook the eggs however you like. Which do you eat first?
When was the last time you snitched on a co-worker?
If you became president, what is the first thing you would do?
Are you tempted to take a one-way trip to Mars?
What was the best water you ever drank?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
If you had to get a tattoo right now (gun to your head), what would it be, and where on your body?
How would you describe yourself in terms of D&D (and several other RPGs) ability scores? So Dex, Con, Cha, Int, Str, Wis (or Will)?
If you could live in any fictional world, where would it be and why?
How well is your home fortified against zombie attacks?
If you had a magic box that could bring back any inanimate object that you've lost in your life what would you bring back?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
What is your favorite SpongeBob episode?
3 AM at iHop, what do you order?
Out of all the different art forms which one is your personal favorite?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
If a movie were made about your life, who would play you?
Who do you go grocery shopping with?
If you were a soup, which soup would you be?
How early do you like to get to the airport?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not?
If you were a condiment, what would you be, and why?
If you had a third ear, where would you put it?
If you could kill someone and get away with it, would you do it?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever been in?
What's your favorite form of potato?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it’s moving or be able to ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy, or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather be unable to move your body every time it rains or not be able to stop moving while the sun is out?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be permanently terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather thirty butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you sneeze or one very angry squirrel appear from nowhere every time you cough?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather be an unimportant character in the last movie you saw or an unimportant character in the last book you read?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company? (You won’t have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill/talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather have to fart loudly every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather be able to control animals (but not humans) with your mind or control electronics with your mind?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing/texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather take amazing selfies, but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive-through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day, but you wake up feeling amazing, or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you’ve ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather never sweat again but not be more prone to heat stroke or never feel cold again but cold still physically affects you (i.e., you can freeze to death)?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather earbuds and headphones never sit right on / in your ears or have all music either slightly too quiet or slightly too loud?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather eat rice with every meal and never be able to eat bread or eat bread with every meal and never be able to eat rice?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather travel the world for a year all expenses paid or have $40,000 to spend on whatever you want?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather be able to be free from junk mail or free from email spam for the rest of your life?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can’t change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won’t feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather never use social media sites/apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security federal prison with the hardest of the hardened criminals for one year or be put in a relatively relaxed prison where wall street types are held for ten years?
Would you rather be an amazing artist but not be able to see any of the art you created or be an amazing musician but not be able to hear any of the music you create?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else’s jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people’s jokes funny?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather always have a great body for your entire life but have slightly below average intelligence or have a mediocre body for your entire life but be slightly above average in intelligence?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative branch that is free of corruption?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper/project was yesterday, and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather donate your body to science or donate your organs to people who need them?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather get tipsy from just one sip of alcohol and ridiculously drunk from just one alcoholic drink or never get drunk no matter how much alcohol you drank?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or just in the normal real world?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization with no human contact or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin without much human interaction or a life full of conflict and entertainment in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn’t rewarding?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather have all corporations know all of your computer usage or the government know all of your computer usage?
Would you rather inherit 20 million dollars when you turn 18 or spend the time earning 50 million dollars through your hard work?
Would you rather fight for a cause you believe in, but doubt will succeed or fight for a cause that you only partially believe in but have a high chance of your cause succeeding?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years, but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather have done something horribly embarrassing and only your best friend knows or not done something horribly embarrassing, but everyone except your best friend thinks you did it?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-through house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather blink twice the normal rate or not be able to blink for 5 minutes but then have to close your eyes for 10 seconds every 5 minutes?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but you can’t figure out where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can’t remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi/taco you want)
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your nondominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice (not human)?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person, but your family is very proud of you, or your family thinks you are a horrible person, but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
What age do you want to live to?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
If you could learn any skill, what would it be?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to five miles or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house, but you have to build the house all by yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
How important is the decor of a restaurant to you?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Do you wake up by yourself, to an alarm, music, or have someone else wake you up?
What was the last song you listened to?
what's your favourite meme of the year so far?
Who do you most admire and why?
if you could learn any instrument in a finger snap, which one would you choose and what kind of music would you play with it?
What's your favorite brand and why?
What is your most memorable Brandwatch moment?
Tea or coffee?
If you could live in a computer game, which one and why?
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What are you listening to atm?
What scares you most Puppets or Dolls?
which film are you most able to quote lines from because you’ve watched it so many times?
you can remake any movie you want and keep one of the original actors, but everyone else is replaced by various muppets. what movie do you remake?
What's your favourite day movie? What about your favourite night movie?
would you rather fight 30 duck sized horses or one horse sized duck?
If you had a monkey paw which granted you any wish, but with an enormous price for interfering with fate, what would you wish for?
Would you rather have fingers for toes or toes for fingers?
What was your favourite and least favourite subject at school?
what are your desert island discs?
What is the one book you recommend to everyone?
What's a podcast you enjoy, and why? 
I’m giving you a free McDonalds meal voucher for 2; it’s a magic voucher in that you can pick anyone in the world and they will willingly join you and answer all your questions. Who do you pick?
you have to fight off a seagull, what's your weapon of choice?
Do you have any tattoos?
“don’t stop me now” or “bohemian rhapsody”?
What's your favourite pub?
